#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alembic==1.14.0
    # via optuna
category-encoders==2.6.4
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via ucimlrepo
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via optuna
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
factor-analyzer==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.55.3
    # via matplotlib
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
lightgbm==4.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mako==1.3.8
    # via alembic
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via mako
matplotlib==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
numpy==2.2.0
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   contourpy
    #   factor-analyzer
    #   lightgbm
    #   matplotlib
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
optuna==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   optuna
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   factor-analyzer
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   ucimlrepo
patsy==1.0.1
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   statsmodels
pillow==11.0.0
    # via matplotlib
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via optuna
scikit-learn==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   factor-analyzer
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   factor-analyzer
    #   lightgbm
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
statsmodels==0.14.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tqdm==4.67.0
    # via optuna
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
ucimlrepo==0.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
